# UndergradThesis
This repository is for my undergraduate thesis. It contains the bib file and figures needed to reproduce the thesis. Some programs to support the thesis are in preparation. The main tex file will be added after the graduation. 

## Abstract:
The first motivation of this thesis is that the world is ultimately geometric. On the other hand, state-of-art technology allows us to control the artificial system, broadening our picture about the physics. People are now proposing, can we use this controllable artificial system to discover the geometric theory of physics? That means, the science of physics is now going beyond the pathway proposed by Bacon to Kuhn and Popper – the revolution of science becomes synergistic nowadays. The bounds between the physics(interaction), math(geometry), and engineering(control) become vaguer and vaguer. 
	
This thesis describes the development of quantum simulation based on superconducting circuits, which originally contributing to the study of quantum information and quantum optics, recently becomes an active platform to learn the physics of many body interaction, novel phase such as topological phase of quantum matter, the geometric description of quantum mechanics and the control of physical system. The thesis is organized as follow:
	
(i) Chapter $1$-st serves as a pedagogical note for some notable physics and maths. We first review basic mathematical tools for building an integral picture of quantum physics. Here we focus on the Kähler manifold, or the geometric quantum mechanics. We will also review some applications of differential geometry in physics, such as symplectic structure of theoretical mechanics, and electrodynamics as $U(1)$ fibre bundle. Then we come to single particle topological phases, mainly topological insulator.
	 
(ii)We then review the superconducting circuits(SQCs), where the superconducting qubit serving as an artificial atom, which can be manipulated easily. We also introduce our recent results of quantum phase transition in Rabi model, which can broad our horizon of exotic behavior of quantum artificial material such as SQCs and may contribute to the simulation of classical phases of matter. To realize quantum simulation in a broaden class of many body physics, the photons, fundamental excitations of SQCs, should feel an effective gauge. We review how to achieve this gauge field in artificial system and apply this to SQCs. We also describe how to achieve full control and readout of SQCs, by studying the spectrum measurement and holonomic quantum gate of SQCs as examples. 
	 
(iii)Finally we proceed to achieve quantum simulation, to study topological insulator, exotic photonic phases in the presence of loss and gain, and the quantum geometry of Kähler manifold.  We found that in presence of dissipation, the quantum spin Hall phase will survive even in the gapless region, which does not have a Hermitian correspondence. This suggests that there may exist a broad variety of exotic phases of light of the non-Hermitian regime. What's more, we propose three different methods for detecting quantum geometry in Kähler manifold, paving the way for the tomography of geometry in interacting system. 

